This applicationis is called YesArt. It is written in dart/flutter and designed for android and ios devices. 

It allows to study and memorise 677 world famouse paintings of 120 artists worked in 36 styles (Abstract Art, Academicism, Analytical Cubism, Baroque, Cloisonnism, Cubism, Early Renaissance, Expressionism, Fauvism, Folk art, High Renaissance, Impressionism, Late Renaissance, Luminism, Modern, Naturalism, Neo-Impressionism, Neoclassicism, Neoplasticism, New Realism, Northern Renaissance, Pointillism, Post-Impressionism, Precisionism, Primitivism, Realism, Regionalism, Renaissance, Rococo, Romanticism, Surrealism, Symbolism, Tenebrism, Tonalism, Verism) in English or Russian. 

Each of 120 artists (Adam Elsheimer, Aleksey Savrasov, Alexey Venetsianov, Alfred Sisley, Alfred William Finch, Amedeo Modigliani, Andrea Solario, Antoine Watteau, Antonio Mancini, Arkhyp Kuindzhi, Armand Guillaumin, Berthe Morisot, Boleslas Biegas, Caravaggio, Caspar David Friedrich, Charles Angrand, Charles Reiffel, Charles Sprague Pearce, Childe Hassam, Claude Monet, Diego Velazquez, Edgar Degas, Edouard Manet, Edvard Munch, Edward Emerson Simmons, Edward Hopper, Efim Volkov, Egon Schiele, Emil Carlsen, Emile Claus, Ernest Lawson, Eugene Delacroix, Eugène Alexis Girardet, Federico Zandomeneghi, Francisco Goya, Frank O'Meara, Franz Marc, Frederic Bazille, Frida Kahlo, Frits Thaulow, Gabriel Ferrier, Georges Braque, Georges Seurat, Georges de la Tour, Georgia O'Keeffe, Giovanni Boldini, Grant Wood, Grigoriy Goldstein, Gustav Klimt, Gustave Caillebotte, Henri Gervex, Henri Matisse, Hieronymus Bosch, Ilya Repin, Ioannis Altamouras, Ivan Aivazovsky, Ivan Shishkin, Jackson Pollock, Jacques-Louis David, James Charles, James McNeill Whistler, Jan Provoost, Jan van Eyck, Jane Sutherland, Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres, Jean-André Rixens, Jean-Marc Nattier, Joan Miró, Johannes Vermeer, John Frederick Kensett, Julian Alden Weir, Julian Rossi Ashton, Konstantin Bogaevsky, Kuzma Petrov-Vodkin, Leonardo da Vinci, Lilla Cabot Perry, Louise Abbéma, Luca Signorelli, Marc Chagall, Marcel Duchamp, Mary Cassatt, Max Ernst, Max Pechstein, Michelangelo, Mstislav Dobuzhinsky, Nikolay Bogdanov-Belsky, Pablo Picasso, Paolo Veronese, Paul Cezanne, Paul Gauguin, Peder Severin Kroyer, Peter Paul Rubens, Pierre-Auguste Renoir, Piet Mondrian, Pieter Bruegel the Elder, Pietro Perugino, Raphael, Rembrandt, René Magritte, Salvador Dali, Sandro Botticelli, Theo van Rysselberghe, Theodore Clement Steele, Theodore Robinson, Thomas Pollock Anshutz, Thomas Wilmer Dewing, Théodore Géricault, Tom Scott, Valentin Serov, Vasily Surikov, Vasily Vereshchagin, Viktor Vasnetsov, Vincent van Gogh, Vincenzo Irolli, Vladimir Makovsky, Wassily Kandinsky, Willard Metcalf, William Merritt Chase) is presented by min 3 paitings the most famous and different from each other.

In Google Play Store the apprication YesArt is published in a short version, which excludes paitings of artists who might be prootected by copyright, so total 625 paitings of 110 artists worked in 25 styles.

The button with an image of a student hat allows to study the paitings. It openes a list of artists in the alphabetic order with mini images of their paitings named by a corresponding paiting's names. Each paiting from the list can be opened in a large formate as a card, which shows the paiting, its name, its artist's name and its style. By taping on the artists's name a Wikipedia page is opened showing the artist's biography. By taping on the the paiting's name a page of Wikiart is opened, showing the paiting's details: dimensions, year of creation, original name, style and etc. By taping on the painting's image it is opened in a full screen. By taping on it again, it gets the original size. It is possible to study the list in a formate of cards by taping arrows left and right under each card.  It is possible to sort the list by artist or by style. The digit in the down-rigth corner shows a number of paitings in the sorted list. To clear the list filter should be done by taping on the filter twice or by choosing "all artists" in the dropmenu.

Three buttons with images of a curve, a brush and a pallette are quizzes: the curve is a test of style knowledge, the brush - a test of artist knowledge, the pallete - a test of painting knowledge.
